README.md, before:

# Sovendus Voucher Network & Checkout Benefits Component for Vue

## Install through npm

Execute the following command to install it through npm:

```bash
npm install --save sovendus-voucher-network-and-checkout-benefits-vue
```

## Integrate into your Vue app

You can then use the component as with the following example on your order success / thank you page:

[Click here for detailed information on the parameters and which ones are required.](https://developer-hub.sovendus.com/Voucher-Network-Checkout-Benefits/Parameter)

```vue
<SovendusBanner
  :trafficSourceNumber="YOU_TRAFFIC_SOURCE_NUMBER"
  :trafficMediumNumber="YOU_TRAFFIC_MEDIUM_NUMBER"
  sessionId="session-sdsdfsdfsd"
  :timestamp="1705504738"
  orderId="order-12345"
  :orderValue="15.99"
  orderCurrency="EUR"
  usedCouponCode="CouponCodeFromOrder"
  consumerSalutation="Mrs."
  consumerFirstName="John"
  consumerLastName="Smith"
  consumerEmail="test@example.com"
  consumerPhone="+49155123456789"
  consumerStreet="Street Name"
  consumerStreetNumber="12/4"
  consumerCity="CityName"
  consumerCountry="DE"
  consumerZipcode="94419"
  :consumerYearOfBirth="1991"
  consumerDateOfBirth="01.12.2020"
/>
```

### Additional steps for Switzerland

For Switzerland it is also required to add the following component on the home page / page where users will land coming from the Sovendus Voucher Network

```vue
<SovendusLandingPage />
```

Commit message:

add disclaimer text to docs

README.md, after:

# Sovendus Voucher Network & Checkout Benefits Component for Vue

## Disclaimer

This component is released as open source under the GPL v3 license. We welcome bug reports and pull requests from the community. However, please note that the component is provided "as is" without any warranties or guarantees. It may not be compatible with all other plugins and could potentially cause issues with your store. We strongly recommend that you test the plugin thoroughly in a staging environment before deploying it to a live site. Furthermore, we do not promise future support or updates and reserve the right to discontinue support for the component at any time.

## Install through npm

Execute the following command to install it through npm:

```bash
npm install --save sovendus-voucher-network-and-checkout-benefits-vue
```

## Integrate into your Vue app

You can then use the component as with the following example on your order success / thank you page:

[Click here for detailed information on the parameters and which ones are required.](https://developer-hub.sovendus.com/Voucher-Network-Checkout-Benefits/Parameter)

```vue
<SovendusBanner
  :trafficSourceNumber="YOU_TRAFFIC_SOURCE_NUMBER"
  :trafficMediumNumber="YOU_TRAFFIC_MEDIUM_NUMBER"
  sessionId="session-sdsdfsdfsd"
  :timestamp="1705504738"
  orderId="order-12345"
  :orderValue="15.99"
  orderCurrency="EUR"
  usedCouponCode="CouponCodeFromOrder"
  consumerSalutation="Mrs."
  consumerFirstName="John"
  consumerLastName="Smith"
  consumerEmail="test@example.com"
  consumerPhone="+49155123456789"
  consumerStreet="Street Name"
  consumerStreetNumber="12/4"
  consumerCity="CityName"
  consumerCountry="DE"
  consumerZipcode="94419"
  :consumerYearOfBirth="1991"
  consumerDateOfBirth="01.12.2020"
/>
```

### Additional steps for Switzerland

For Switzerland it is also required to add the following component on the home page / page where users will land coming from the Sovendus Voucher Network

```vue
<SovendusLandingPage />
```
